Judgement request added (#79)
sora-xor/sora-docs: src/id.md

# Identity

> SORA allows you to store profile information in order to identify and discover people across the network. It's convenient for users to use the identity and registrar feature. A tutorial is provided below on how to set up an identity for yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SORA allows you to store profile information in order to identify and discover people across the network. It's convenient for users to use the identity and registrar features. A tutorial is provided below on how to set up an identity for yourself.
```

> SORA allows you to store profile information in order to identify and discover people across the network. It is convenient for users to use the identity and registrar feature. A tutorial is provided below on how to set up an identity for yourself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SORA allows you to store profile information in order to identify and discover people across the network. It's convenient for users to use the identity and registrar feature. A tutorial is provided below on how to set up an identity for yourself.
```

Reviewer 2: @outoftardis this is a case where you would use it's :P

Reviewer: I mean, those are not the same cases at all...

   :::

Once the transaction is completed your account will show an identity!

## Request Identity Judgment

Once you have finished following all the steps outlined in the [Register an identity](/id.md#register-an-identity) section, you can request an additional verification to obtain a prominent green checkmark next to your account name. This verification serves as an indication that you are a recognized and verified user, allowing others to easily identify and trust your account.

1. Request judgement from a registrar.

> On polkadot.js, under the Developer tab, click Extrinsics -> Using the account you wish to be verified, select `Identity` and `requestJudgement` -> Under `regIndex`, place `1` (`reg_index` = `0` is no longer active) -> Registrar `1` has a fee of 1 `XOR` -> Submit the transaction.

Reviewer: this better be separated into steps, I think it'd be more readable

Author: Could you please give an example?

Reviewer: something like what William suggested in his review

> On polkadot.js, under the Developer tab, click Extrinsics -> Using the account you wish to be verified, select `Identity` and `requestJudgement` -> Under `regIndex`, place `1` (`reg_index` = `0` is no longer active) -> Registrar `1` has a fee of 1 `XOR` -> Submit the transaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On polkadot.js, under the Developer tab; 
- click Extrinsics -> Using the account you wish to be verified, 
- select `Identity` and `requestJudgement` -> Under `regIndex`, 
- place `1` (`reg_index` = `0` is no longer active) -> Registrar `1` has a fee of 1 `XOR` -> 
- Submit the transaction.
```

> <center><img src="/.gitbook/assets/requestJudgement.png" width="600"></center>

Reviewer: everything that is related to a particular step should be indented, please do this for all steps

> 2. Donate to Community Marketing Funds address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Donate to Community Marketing Funds address.
```

> 2. Donate to Community Marketing Funds address

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Donate to the Community Marketing Fund's address
```

> Donate a minimum of 1 `XOR` per account requesting judgement to the Community Marketing Funds address.
> This is a community base wallet which funds are used for marketing SORA: `cnSN9X2HNU3uYjRbGvTwpgUdtVDuNk1g29XkcQNoNBQxgt1ii`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Donate a minimum of 1 `XOR` per account requesting judgement to the Community Marketing Funds address (`cnSN9X2HNU3uYjRbGvTwpgUdtVDuNk1g29XkcQNoNBQxgt1ii`).
The funds from this community wallet are used for SORA marketing. 
```

maybe something like this

> 3. Contact the registrar
> 
> Direct contact with the registrar is required - the contact info is in their identity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Contact the registrar directly. You can find their contact info in their profile.
```

- Reg_Index 1 is `SPICY`

- Telegram Username: https://t.me/SpicyHotWings

- Twitter: @mishokanaria

> - Riot: @spicyhotwings:matrix.org

Reviewer: this can be a table

Author: https://github.com/sora-xor/sora-docs/pull/79/commits/22bfea0692bd36178fda66e502fec379d99dbe5e

> 4 Verify your identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Verify your identity.
```

You will need to prove that the information on-chain is legitimate. Each registrar will have their own set of procedures to verify your identity and values, and only once you've satisfied their requirements will the process continue.

::: info

> Changing even a single field's value after you've been verified will un-verify your account and you will need to start the judgement process anew. However, you can still change fields while the judgement is going on - it's up to the registrar to keep an eye on the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can freely change any values during the judgement process until you are verified. However, changing the value of even a single field after you've been verified will un-verify your account and you will need to start the judgement process anew.
```

   :::

Once the transaction is completed your account will show an identity!

## Request Identity Judgment

Once you have finished following all the steps outlined in the [Register an identity](/id.md#register-an-identity) section, you can request an additional verification to obtain a prominent green checkmark next to your account name. This verification serves as an indication that you are a recognized and verified user, allowing others to easily identify and trust your account.

> 1. Request judgement from a registrar.
> 
> On polkadot.js, under the Developer tab;
> 
> - click Extrinsics -> Using the account you wish to be verified,
> - select `Identity` and `requestJudgement` -> Under `regIndex`,
> - place `1` (`reg_index` = `0` is no longer active) -> Registrar `1` has a fee of 1 `XOR` ->
> - Submit the transaction.
> 
> <center><img src="/.gitbook/assets/requestJudgement.png" width="600"></center>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Request judgement from a registrar on polkadot.js.

  Using the account you wish to verify, go under the Developer tab and follow these steps:

  - Click Extrinsics.
  - Select `Identity` and `requestJudgement`.
  - Under `regIndex`, place `1` (`reg_index` = `0` is no longer active). Registrar `1` has a fee of 1 `XOR`.
  - Submit the transaction.

  <center><img src="/.gitbook/assets/requestJudgement.png" width="600"></center>
```

2. Donate to Community Marketing Funds address.

> Donate a minimum of 1 `XOR` per account requesting judgement to the Community Marketing Funds address (`cnSN9X2HNU3uYjRbGvTwpgUdtVDuNk1g29XkcQNoNBQxgt1ii`).
> The funds from this community wallet are used for SORA marketing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Donate a minimum of 1 `XOR` per account requesting judgement to the Community Marketing Funds address (`cnSN9X2HNU3uYjRbGvTwpgUdtVDuNk1g29XkcQNoNBQxgt1ii`).
  The funds from this community wallet are used for SORA marketing.
```

3. Contact the registrar directly. You can find their contact info in their profile.

> | Social media/messaging platform | Identifier                 |
> | ------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
> | Telegram                        | https://t.me/SpicyHotWings |
> | Twitter                         | @mishokanaria              |
> | Riot                            | @spicyhotwings:matrix.org  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | Social media/messaging platform | Identifier                 |
  | ------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
  | Telegram                        | https://t.me/SpicyHotWings |
  | Twitter                         | @mishokanaria              |
  | Riot                            | @spicyhotwings:matrix.org  |
```

4. Verify your identity.

> You will need to prove that the information on-chain is legitimate. Each registrar will have their own set of procedures to verify your identity and values, and only once you've satisfied their requirements will the process continue.
> 
> ::: info
> 
> You can freely change any values during the judgement process until you are verified. However, changing the value of even a single field after you've been verified will un-verify your account and you will need to start the judgement process anew.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You will need to prove that the information on-chain is legitimate. Each registrar will have their own set of procedures to verify your identity and values, and only once you've satisfied their requirements will the process continue.

  ::: info

  You can freely change any values during the judgement process until you are verified. However, changing the value of even a single field after you've been verified will un-verify your account and you will need to start the judgement process anew.

  :::
```
